World Series man block opera shout out
to my nigga ang you know Susie you know
yo for the inner holster don't be a man
could spit someone adds Brad world city
posters you were just a losa with no
talent like Alice little bitch ass
finger for exposure hop off the pool
stick leave a hole in you decide to vote
coup stick I could see the one-liner now
to be my new shit fly the niggas when we
were hanging on the losses that Marco
World Series is a nuisance grey goose in
pitt a nigga Shady Vale like you kid
Papa the top homeboy I needed a new way
wait shut out they'll fight they're
doing another thing keep hating cuz like
McDonald's i'm loving their double coke
i'll show you how to cover the egg right
in I'm trifling leave your girl in my
world and I'm pay bill like a plumber
with a goddamn life sings like a black
panther moving I'm right just keep
popping up and I might just throw you in
the world who could be PI says there's a
lot of flows but anyone like this says
it got more balls than right guess I
didn't heard y'all shit y'all could bite
my dick fire got on thing series is the
night says so y'all need to be cautious
the black ops is drunk you can smoke it
snort this till the making more shit
break it down to portions last words
from the wordsmith don't get him like a
washing nigga that's how we live me see
Paul's a yahoo a shout out to my nigga
dashiell's tri-delta this worse is
fucking arrest yoga is thats hanging it
just lovely pc pc g all day every day
man see oh shout out to my niggas
junghwa be a dancer chop I'll on all day
Monday capote radon boss black caddy I'm
the guitar flop see your mother fucking
nerve gotti see ok shut up self-worth
day money